# CAS Project: Bedayia App
We aspire to alleviate the current school experience for students. We hope to do this by addressing inefficiencies in the current B-hive program that overwork the responsible person. We want to make the school experience a bit better by subtly enhancing the day-to-day interactions. We hope students find it easy, helpful and useful than other means. Our rationale is the fact that we found several aspects of the school’s current system having areas for improvements. We thought of trying, as students, to enhance the experience of our fellow students.

We want to enhance the student's overall experience in their academic year by organizing their daily academic life and Sharpen their skill by providing them with an organized app to manage their academics, clubs, and skills. Our interests are Designing and programming Used to help our Fellow classmates to further enhance their academic year. We aspire to leave an imprint on the school and be remembered for our achievements.
We want to launch this application in the school community specifically for a student-led app for Students, then we could later expand our app to be used by the staff principles and be an official application for the school. Our community faces a lot of difficulties in organization and pre-scheduling. We could get involved by making an all-app focused on organizing student extra circulars and their overall academic year and even carpooling that reduces the overall carbon footprint.

Refer to the [proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17fkieH5oro--Ocgq4W4GFOM0fqyTMoAiIxkt60TEZHs/edit)
